---
name: LogMeIn
x-slug: logmein
description: LogMeIn, Inc. is a provider of software as a service and cloud-based
  remote connectivity services for collaboration, IT management and customer engagement,
  founded in 2003 and based in Boston, Massachusetts.
image: http://kinlane-productions.s3.amazonaws.com/screen-capture-api/28873-www-logmeininc-com.jpg
x-kinRank: "7"
x-alexaRank: "7271"
tags: LogMeIn
created: "2018-08-30"
modified: "2018-08-30"
url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/apis.md
specificationVersion: "0.14"
apis:
- name: GoToAssist Remote Support - Partner-System Link Info
  x-api-slug: systemlinks-get
  description: "This method retrieves all partner-system links that are registered
    for a given domain. These links are used by GoToAssist to make calls back to the
    partner system to enable the creation of tickets during support sessions.\n\n
    \ Request Parameters                    \n                      \n    field        data
    type      description    \n    systemDomain        string      The domain name
    of the partner system.    \n                      \n\n\n  Response Parameters:
    (* Optional)                  \n                    \n    field      data type
    \     description    \n    systemName      string      The human-readable name
    of the partner system (may be displayed to the user in the GoToAssist web application);
    it is used to uniquely identify partner systems, along with the systemDomain for
    a particular user    \n    systemDomain      string      The domain name of the
    partner system; it is used to uniquely identify partner systems, along with the
    systemName for a particular user    \n    userEmail      string      The email
    address of the user these links are for    \n    userToken      string      A
    unique identifier generated by the partner system that will be used to authenticate
    requests made by GoToAssist on behalf of this user    \n    callbackURL      string
    \     The callback URL into the partner system    \n                    \n\nStatus
    Codes              \n              \n    Staus Code      description    \n    200
    OK      The information was successfully retrieved    \n    400 Bad Request      An
    error occurred due to a missing systemDomain parameter    \n    401 Unauthorized
    \     An authentication parameter was passed, but either it was invalid or the
    technician is not entitled with a Remote Support seat    \n    500 Internal Server
    Error      An unhandled error occurred"
  image: http://kinlane-productions.s3.amazonaws.com/screen-capture-api/28873-www-logmeininc-com.jpg
  humanURL: http://www.LogMeInInc.com
  baseURL: https://api.getgo.com//G2A/rest/v1
  tags: SaaS, Technology, Enterprise, Voice, Videoconferencing, Audio, Webinars, Relative
    Data, Service API
  properties:
  - type: x-postman-collection
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/systemlinks-get-postman.md
  - type: x-openapi-spec
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/systemlinks-get-openapi.md
- name: GoToAssist Remote Support - Partner-System Links
  x-api-slug: systemlinks-post
  description: "This method creates system links, which allows the partner system
    to enable the creation of objects during attended support sessions by providing
    certain information to GoToAssist. If the partner system does not call this method,
    then the corresponding functionality in GoToAssist will be disabled automatically.
    Note: The partner system should call this method after a user has authenticated
    via OAuth.\r\n                    \r\n    field      value      description    \r\n
    \   \"systemName\"      \"The Company\"      String - The human-readable name
    of the partner system (may be displayed to the user in the GoToAssist web application);
    it is used to uniquely identify partner systems, along with the systemDomain for
    a particular user.    \r\n    \"systemDomain\"      \"theCompany.com\"      String
    - The domain name of the partner system; it is used to uniquely identify partner
    systems, along with the systemName for a particular user (NOTE: If a Create partner-system
    link call is received for the same user, systemName and systemDomain, then the
    previous links will be overwritten).   \r\n    \"userEmail\"      \"valid.org@email.com\"
    \     String with valid email syntax and address of the user these links are for.
    \   \r\n    \"userToken\"      \"F5EE645AAA87462523475FFF8576348574\"      String
    - A unique identifier generated by the partner system that will be used to authenticate
    requests made by GoToAssist on behalf of this user.    \r\n    \"callbackURL\"
    \     \"https://api.theCompany.com/g2a_prefix\"      The callback URL into the
    partner system.    \r\n    \"supportedCallbacks\"      \"n/a\"      The hash of
    callbacks that the partner system will support (corresponding to the APIs below);
    possible keys are as follows:    \r\n    \"createObject\"      \"true\"     \"Boolean
    - \"   \r\n    \"searchObjects\"      \"true\"     \"Boolean - \"   \r\n    \"associateObject\"
    \     \"true\"     \"Boolean - \"   \r\n\r\n\r\nStatus Codes\r\n              \r\n
    \   Status Code      Description    \r\n    200 OK      The callback links have
    been registered    \r\n    400 Bad Request      An error occurred due to invalid
    callback URL    \r\n    401 Unauthorized      An authentication parameter was
    passed, but either it was invalid or the technician is not entitled with a Remote
    Support seat    \r\n    500 Internal Server Error      An unhandled error occurred"
  image: http://kinlane-productions.s3.amazonaws.com/screen-capture-api/28873-www-logmeininc-com.jpg
  humanURL: http://www.LogMeInInc.com
  baseURL: https://api.getgo.com//G2A/rest/v1
  tags: SaaS, Technology, Enterprise, Voice, Videoconferencing, Audio, Webinars, Relative
    Data, Service API
  properties:
  - type: x-openapi-spec
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/systemlinks-post-openapi.md
- name: GoToAssist Remote Support - Get Tickets
  x-api-slug: get
  description: "Retrieves a query-able set of tickets for a specific partner system.\n\n
    \                                                        \nRequest Parameters\n
    \                         \n    field      data type      description    \n    userToken
    \     string      The token identifying and authenticating the user in the partner
    system that this object is being created on behalf of this user.    \n\n\nQuery
    Parameters (* Optional)\n\n    field      data type      description    \n    q
    *      string      A query string used to search for objects in the partner system.
    (It is up to the partner system to determine how the query string is matched.
    Match against fields like: ticket title, ticket body, requester name, ticket ID,
    ticket comments, tags, etc. Ideally the matching should be performed using a \u2018contains\u2019
    type operation and in a case-insensitive way.)                                         \n
    \   limit *      integer      The maximum number of records to be fetched. Default
    value is 10. Suggested value is less than or equal to 10 for optimal performance.
    \                                        \n    offset *      number      Zero
    based offset for the first record to return. Default value is 0."
  image: http://kinlane-productions.s3.amazonaws.com/screen-capture-api/28873-www-logmeininc-com.jpg
  humanURL: http://www.LogMeInInc.com
  baseURL: https://api.getgo.com//G2A/rest/v1
  tags: SaaS, Technology, Enterprise, Voice, Videoconferencing, Audio, Webinars, Relative
    Data, Service API
  properties:
  - type: x-postman-collection
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/get-postman.md
  - type: x-openapi-spec
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/get-openapi.md
- name: GoToAssist Remote Support - Associate Ticket
  x-api-slug: put
  description: "Associates a ticket for a particular partner with a current session.\n\n
    \ Request Parameters:                  \n                    \n    field      data
    type      description    \n    sessionId      string      The unique ID of the
    session to associate with the new partner object.    \n    userToken      string
    \     The token identifying and authenticating the user in the partner system
    that this object is being created on behalf of this user.    \n    partnerObject
    \     string      The partner object to associate with the session."
  image: http://kinlane-productions.s3.amazonaws.com/screen-capture-api/28873-www-logmeininc-com.jpg
  humanURL: http://www.LogMeInInc.com
  baseURL: https://api.getgo.com//G2A/rest/v1
  tags: SaaS, Technology, Enterprise, Voice, Videoconferencing, Audio, Webinars, Relative
    Data, Service API
  properties:
  - type: x-openapi-spec
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/put-openapi.md
- name: GoToAssist Remote Support - Create Ticket
  x-api-slug: post
  description: "Creates a new ticket connecting the agent's system with the partner
    system for a specific issue.\n\n  Request Parameters: (* Optional)                  \n
    \                   \n    field      data type      description    \n    sessionId
    \     string      The unique ID of the session to associate with the new partner
    object.    \n    userToken      string      The token identifying and authenticating
    the user in the partner system that this object is being created on behalf of
    this user.    \n    title      string      A string entered by the technician
    that should be the title of the new object.    \n    body      string      A string
    entered by the technician that should become the body of the new object."
  image: http://kinlane-productions.s3.amazonaws.com/screen-capture-api/28873-www-logmeininc-com.jpg
  humanURL: http://www.LogMeInInc.com
  baseURL: https://api.getgo.com//G2A/rest/v1
  tags: SaaS, Technology, Enterprise, Voice, Videoconferencing, Audio, Webinars, Relative
    Data, Service API
  properties:
  - type: x-openapi-spec
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/post-openapi.md
- name: GoToAssist Remote Support - Download Recordings
  x-api-slug: archiverecordingsurlsattributereadyfordownloadrecordingid-get
  description: "This method retrieves download links for a list of recordings. Each
    recording returns a link to the MP4 file, the .events file and the thumbnail.
    If a recording is not available for download then it will be omitted from the
    returned list. The archiving script may use the returned URLs to download each
    resource for the recording. The URLs will be valid for at least 48 hours. The
    URL contains a large random number so that the URL for recordings cannot be guessed.
    The response includes the recording start time to make it easier for the archiving
    script to place recordings in directories based on date. No more than 500 recordings
    can be requested at once.\n\nNote: Session recording must be enabled on the account
    in order to use this API method. To enable session recording, log in at https://app.gotoassist.com
    (link is external) and go to Configure > GoToAssist Settings > Enable Session
    Recording check box.\n\n  Response Parameters                  \n                    \n
    \   field      data type      description    \n    recordingId      number      The
    recordingId of the session recording to be downloaded    \n    recordingUrl      string
    \     The URL of MP4 recording file    \n    recordingStartTime      ISO 8601
    format*      The start time of recording    \n    eventsUrl      string      The
    URL of the events recording file    \n    thumbnailUrl      string      The URL
    of the thumbnail of recording file    \n    recordingSize      string      The
    size of the .mp4 file in bytes    \n\n* ISO 8601 format reference\n                    \nStatus
    Codes                    \n                    \n    Staus Code      description
    \         \n    200 OK      A list of URLs has been returned          \n    400
    Bad Request      Request may be malformed or property may be missing or invalid
    \         \n    403 Forbidden      Invalid authorization header or invalid recording
    Ids          \n    500 Internal Server Error      Unexpected server error"
  image: http://kinlane-productions.s3.amazonaws.com/screen-capture-api/28873-www-logmeininc-com.jpg
  humanURL: http://www.LogMeInInc.com
  baseURL: https://api.getgo.com//G2A/rest/v1
  tags: SaaS, Technology, Enterprise, Voice, Videoconferencing, Audio, Webinars, Relative
    Data, Service API
  properties:
  - type: x-postman-collection
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/archiverecordingsurlsattributereadyfordownloadrecordingid-get-postman.md
  - type: x-openapi-spec
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/archiverecordingsurlsattributereadyfordownloadrecordingid-get-openapi.md
- name: GoToAssist Remote Support - Get Companies
  x-api-slug: companies-get
  description: "This method retrieves information about the companies that the authenticated
    user has access to.\n\n                    \n  Query Parameters (all are optional)
    \                 \n    q      string      A search query to filter the returned
    records. Performs a contains check on companyName    \n    limit      integer
    \     The maximum number of records to be fetched. Default limit is 50. Valid
    range is 1 to 50. Greater than 50 results in bad request.    \n    offset      number
    \     Zero based offset for the first record to return. Default value is 0.    \n
    \   sortField      string      Name of the field to sort by, can be one of companyId,
    companyName.    \n    sortOrder            Sort order can be specified explicitly.
    Allowed values are \u201Casc\u201D for ascending order and \u201Cdesc\u201D for
    descending order.    \n\n\nStatus Codes              \n              \n    Staus
    Code      description    \n    200 OK      The information was successfully retrieved
    \   \n    401 Unauthorized      An authentication parameter was passed, but either
    it was invalid or the technician is not entitled with a Remote Support seat;    \n
    \   403 Forbidden      Access denied. User doesn\u2019t have required roles    \n
    \   404 Not Found      No companies found    \n    405 Method Not Allowed      The
    method was entered incorrectly (i.e., the technician tried to use POST, PUT etc.
    instead of GET)    \n    500 Internal Server Error      An unhandled error occurred"
  image: http://kinlane-productions.s3.amazonaws.com/screen-capture-api/28873-www-logmeininc-com.jpg
  humanURL: http://www.LogMeInInc.com
  baseURL: https://api.getgo.com//G2A/rest/v1
  tags: SaaS, Technology, Enterprise, Voice, Videoconferencing, Audio, Webinars, Relative
    Data, Service API
  properties:
  - type: x-postman-collection
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/companies-get-postman.md
  - type: x-openapi-spec
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/companies-get-openapi.md
- name: GoToAssist Remote Support - Get All Sessions
  x-api-slug: sessions-get
  description: "This method retrieves detailed information about all current or previous
    support sessions (either attended or unattended) for a specified date range. Information
    about sessions that are complete may only be available for a limited period of
    time after the end of the session (currently, the information is available for
    at least 30 days). The session must have been hosted from an account or company
    that the authenticated user has access to.\n\n  Request Parameters                    \n
    \                     \n    field        data type      description    \n    sessionType
    \       string      The type of the session. Must be set to SCREEN_SHARING.    \n\n\n
    \ Response Parameters                    \n                      \n    field        data
    type      description    \n    totalNumSessions        number      The number
    of sessions returned.    \n    For Each Session                    \n    sessionStartToken
    \       number      A numeric value used to start the session.    \n    customerJoinUrl
    \       string      A URL that can be sent to a customer to join the session.
    \   \n    sessionId        number      The unique ID of this session.    \n    sessionType
    \       string      For these sessions, always screen_sharing.    \n    partnerObject
    \        number      The ID of the object in the partner system that is associated
    with this session.    \n    partnerObjectUrl        string      The URL for the
    expert to view the associated partnerObject.    \n    status        string      The
    current state of the session; it can be: \n\nwaiting = Waiting for the customer
    to join the session.\nactive = Customer has joined and session is currently active.\ncomplete
    = Session has ended after the customer joined.\nabandoned = Session has ended
    without any customer joining.\nnotStarted = Session was created but never started
    by the expert.\n  \n    startedAt        ISO 8061 format*      The time that the
    session started.    \n    customerJoinedAt        ISO 8061 format*      The time
    that the customer joined the session.    \n    endedAt        ISO 8061 format*
    \     The time that the session ended.    \n    expertName        string      The
    human-readable name of the first technician in the support session.    \n    expertEmail
    \       string      Email id of the first expert in the session.    \n    expertUserKey
    \       string      Unique ID of the first expert in the session in the G2A system.
    \   \n    customerName        string      The human-readable name of the customer
    in the support session.    \n    customerEmail        string      The email address
    of the customer in the support session.    \n    accountKey        number      The
    unique GoToAssist system ID of the account the support session was hosted from.
    \   \n    sessionRecordingUrl        number      The URL where the technician
    can view a recording of the session within the GoToAssist web application (only
    available if the technician has opted to record support sessions (link is external))
    \   \n                      \n* ISO 8601 format reference"
  image: http://kinlane-productions.s3.amazonaws.com/screen-capture-api/28873-www-logmeininc-com.jpg
  humanURL: http://www.LogMeInInc.com
  baseURL: https://api.getgo.com//G2A/rest/v1
  tags: SaaS, Technology, Enterprise, Voice, Videoconferencing, Audio, Webinars, Relative
    Data, Service API
  properties:
  - type: x-openapi-spec
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/sessions-get-openapi.md
- name: GoToAssist Remote Support - Start Screen Sharing Session
  x-api-slug: sessions-post
  description: "This method creates a new screen sharing support session (either attended
    or unattended) by generating a URL that automatically launches technicians into
    a new session when clicked. If a machineUuid request parameter is specified, an
    unattended support session will be created; if it is not specified, then an attended
    session will be created. See \"Request Parameters\" for more information. Note:
    The locale of the session start dialog will be based upon the technician\u2019s
    locale setting within GoToAssist.\n\nNote: This method was formerly named \"Create
    Attended Session,\" but has been renamed to address the fact that it now includes
    unattended support sessions as well.\n\n  Request Parameters                    \n
    \                     \n    field        data type      description    \n    sessionStatusCallbackUrl*
    \       string      The URL that will receive a POST when the session status changes.
    A POST will also be made to the sessionStatusCallbackUrl when a customer joins
    the session and when the session ends (whether or not a customer joined). The
    contents of the POST will be similar as the GET /v1/sessions/ API. Note: The ID
    of the session is not known until the session is actually started on the endpoint.
    If the URL is not specified or the session is never started (e.g., if the customer
    cancels the installation of the GoToAssist Customer desktop application), then
    the callback will not be made.    \n    sessionType        string      The type
    of session to create (only \"SCREEN_SHARING\" can be used at this time).    \n
    \   partnerObject*        string      The ID of object in the partner system that
    this session will be associated with.    \n    partnerObjectUrl*        string
    \     The URL that may be used in the GoToAssist Expert desktop application if
    the technician wants to view the partner object. Note: The URL can be used in
    a popup window or iframe that is 600 pixels wide and 500 pixels wide. For example,
    a popup window could be created with HTML code as follows: \"Start Remote Support
    \"    \n    customerName*        string      The name of the customer that the
    session is being started for.    \n    customerEmail*        string      The email
    address of the customer that the session is being started for (if available)    \n
    \   machineUuid*        string      The machineUuid is only necessary for unattended
    support sessions. If the machineUuid is present when a screen sharing session
    is started, then the endpoint will connect to the specified unattended machine
    and an unattended support session will be started. If no machineUuid is specified,
    then an attended support session will be created. A list of machineUuid parameters
    associated with the user and company will be available through a /machines API
    in future.    \n                      \n* Optional parameters\n\nStatus Codes
    \             \n              \n    Staus Code      description    \n    200 OK
    \     The response contains the URL to start the session    \n    400 Bad Request
    \     An error occurred due to missing required parameters or portal not being
    created    \n    401 Unauthorized      An authentication parameter was passed,
    but either it was invalid or the technician is not entitled with a Remote Support
    seat    \n    403 Forbidden      Access denied. User doesn\u2019t have required
    roles    \n    404 Not Found      A machineUuid was specified, but the specified
    machine was not found in an account the user has access to    \n    405 Method
    Not Allowed      The method was entered incorrectly (i.e., the technician tried
    to use POST, PUT etc. instead of GET)    \n    500 Internal Server Error      An
    unhandled error occurred"
  image: http://kinlane-productions.s3.amazonaws.com/screen-capture-api/28873-www-logmeininc-com.jpg
  humanURL: http://www.LogMeInInc.com
  baseURL: https://api.getgo.com//G2A/rest/v1
  tags: SaaS, Technology, Enterprise, Voice, Videoconferencing, Audio, Webinars, Relative
    Data, Service API
  properties:
  - type: x-openapi-spec
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/sessions-post-openapi.md
- name: GoToAssist Remote Support - Available Recordings
  x-api-slug: archiverecordings-get
  description: "This method retrieves a list of all available recordings on the account.
    Only recordings which are available for transcoding or downloading will be returned.
    The recording IDs are always returned in the order in which the recordings were
    started (i.e., startTime order). The request must contain one or more of the following:
    accountKey, userKey or companyId. The list of recordings can be filtered by the
    request parameters listed below.\n\nNote: Session recording must be enabled on
    the account in order to use this API method. To enable session recording, log
    in at https://app.gotoassist.com (link is external) and go to Configure > GoToAssist
    Settings > Enable Session Recording check box.\n\n  Request Parameters                  \n
    \ Each request must contain one or more of the following: accountKey, userKey
    or companyId.                  \n                    \n    field      data type
    \     description    \n    accountKey      number      The account key associated
    with the recording ( available in the Get Screen Sharing Session Info (link is
    external) method response )    \n    userKey      number      The user key of
    the technician who started the recorded session (available in the Authentication
    (link is external) API method response)    \n    companyId      number      The
    companyId associated with the recording for unattended support sessions only (
    available in the Get Companies (link is external) API method response )    \n
    \   sessionType *      number      The type of session: attended (0) or unattended
    (1)    \n    fromTime *      ISO 8601 format **      The oldest sessions that
    should be retrieved (startTime must be greater than or equal to fromTime)    \n
    \   toTime *      ISO 8601 format **      The most recent sessions that should
    be retrieved (startTime must be greater than or equal to fromTime)    \n    timePeriod
    *      number      The recordings within a Time Period, starting from currentDate
    (ex: \u201DtimePeriod=30\u201D would retrieve the last 30 days\u2019 recordings)
    \   \n    archived *      number      The option to include only archived recordings,
    as follows: include only archived recordings (1) or include only non-archived
    recordings (0 or omit)    \n                    \n* Optional                    \n**
    ISO 8601 format reference                    \n                    \n  Response
    Parameters                  \n  No more than 500 recordings at a time will be
    returned for readyForTranscode or readyForDownload.                  \n                    \n
    \   field      data type      description    \n    readyForTranscode      array
    \     A list of recordingIds for recordings that are ready to be transcoded    \n
    \   readyForDownload      array      A list of recordingIds for recordings that
    are ready to be downloaded    \n                    \n                    \nStatus
    Codes                    \n                    \n    Staus Code      description
    \         \n    200 OK      Recordings retrieved successfully          \n    400
    Bad Request      Request may be malformed or property may be missing or invalid
    \         \n    403 Forbidden      Invalid authorization header or invalid userKey,
    accountKey or companyId          \n    500 Internal Server Error      Unexpected
    server error"
  image: http://kinlane-productions.s3.amazonaws.com/screen-capture-api/28873-www-logmeininc-com.jpg
  humanURL: http://www.LogMeInInc.com
  baseURL: https://api.getgo.com//G2A/rest/v1
  tags: SaaS, Technology, Enterprise, Voice, Videoconferencing, Audio, Webinars, Relative
    Data, Service API
  properties:
  - type: x-postman-collection
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/archiverecordings-get-postman.md
  - type: x-openapi-spec
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/archiverecordings-get-openapi.md
- name: GoToAssist Remote Support - Start Attended Session in Browser
  x-api-slug: session-get
  description: "This method allows a partner system to launch an attended support
    session within a browser window. This API does not require authentication, so
    the technician will be prompted to enter their credentials when they run the GoToAssist
    Expert desktop application for the first time. Since the technician is not required
    to navigate to a URL, no API is implemented to create the session. Note: This
    method was formerly named \"Create Attended Session in browser,\" but has been
    renamed.\n\n  Request Parameters                    \n                      \n
    \   field        data type      description    \n    sessionType        string
    \     The type of session to create (only \"SCREEN_SHARING\" can be used at this
    time).    \n    layout*        string      The style of HTML that will be displayed
    when starting the session (e.g., \"iFrame\"). If this parameter is not present,
    then the HTML will fill the entire browser window.    \n    partnerObject*        string
    \     The ID of object in the partner system that this session will be associated
    with.    \n    partnerObjectUrl*        string      The URL that may be used in
    the GoToAssist Expert desktop application if the technician wants to view the
    partner object. Note: The URL can be used in a popup window or iframe that is
    600 pixels wide and 500 pixels wide. For example, a popup window could be created
    with HTML code as follows: Start Remote Support     \n    sessionStatusCallbackUrl*
    \       string      The URL that will receive a POST when the session status changes.
    A POST will also be made to the sessionStatusCallbackUrl when a customer joins
    the session and when the session ends (whether or not a customer joined). The
    contents of the POST will be similar as the GET /v1/sessions/ API. Note: The ID
    of the session is not known until the session is actually started on the endpoint.
    If the URL is not specified or the session is never started (e.g., if the customer
    cancels the installation of the GoToAssist Customer desktop application), then
    the callback will not be made.    \n                      \n* Optional parameters"
  image: http://kinlane-productions.s3.amazonaws.com/screen-capture-api/28873-www-logmeininc-com.jpg
  humanURL: http://www.LogMeInInc.com
  baseURL: https://api.getgo.com//G2A/rest/v1
  tags: SaaS, Technology, Enterprise, Voice, Videoconferencing, Audio, Webinars, Relative
    Data, Service API
  properties:
  - type: x-postman-collection
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/session-get-postman.md
  - type: x-openapi-spec
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/session-get-openapi.md
- name: GoToAssist Remote Support - Get Screen Sharing Session Info
  x-api-slug: sessionssessionid-get
  description: "This method retrieves detailed information about a current or previous
    support session (either attended or unattended) based on the sessionID or sessionToken.
    \u201CsessionToken\u201D is returned in response of create screen-sharing session
    API. Information about sessions that are complete may only be available for a
    limited period of time after the end of the session (currently, the information
    is available for at least 30 days). The session must have been hosted from an
    account or company that the authenticated user has access to.\r\n\r\nNote: This
    method was formerly named \"Get Attended Session Info,\" but has been renamed
    to address the fact that it now includes unattended support sessions as well.\r\n\r\n
    \ Response Parameters                    \r\n                      \r\n    field
    \       data type      description    \r\n    sessionId        string      The
    unique ID of this session.    \r\n    sessionType        string      The type
    of the session; this determines what other attributes the response may contain.
    \   \r\n    status        string      \"The current state of the session; it can
    be: \r\nwaiting = Waiting for the customer to join the session.\r\nactive = Customer
    has joined and session is currently active.\r\ncomplete = Session has ended after
    the customer joined.\r\nabandoned = Session has ended without any customer joining.\r\nnotStarted
    = Session was created but never started by the expert.\"    \r\n    accountKey
    \       number      The unique GoToAssist system ID of the account the support
    session was hosted from.    \r\n    expertName        string      The human-readable
    name of the first technician in the support session.    \r\n    expertEmail        string
    \     Email id of the first expert in the session.    \r\n    expertUserKey        string
    \     Unique ID of the first expert in the session in the G2A system.    \r\n
    \   partnerObject        number      The ID of the object in the partner system
    that is associated with this session.    \r\n    partnerObjectUrl        string
    \     The URL for the expert to view the associated partnerObject.    \r\n    startedAt*
    \       ISO 8061 format*      The time that the session started.    \r\n    customerJoinedAt*
    \       ISO 8061 format*      The time that the customer joined the session.    \r\n
    \   endedAt*        ISO 8061 format*      The time that the session ended.    \r\n
    \   unattendedMachineName*        string      Name of the unattended machine the
    session is with if this is an unattended session.    \r\n    unattendedMachineUuid*
    \       string      ID of the unattended machine the session is with if this is
    an unattended session.    \r\n    accountName*        string      The human-readable
    name of the account the support session was hosted from (unattended sessions only)
    \   \r\n    customerName*        string      The human-readable name of the customer
    in the support session.    \r\n    customerEmail*        string      The email
    address of the customer in the support session.    \r\n    customerJoinUrl        string
    \     A URL that can be sent to a customer to join the session.    \r\n    notes*
    \       string      All notes that were entered by the technician in the Viewer
    during the support session    \r\n    sessionRecordingUrl*        string      The
    URL where the technician can view a recording of the session within the GoToAssist
    web application (only available if the technician has opted to record support
    sessions (link is external))    \r\n    collaborators*        array      A list
    of other users who collaborated on the support session (i.e., other technicians
    who joined the session)    \r\n                      \r\n* Parameters only listed
    if available/applicable\r\n\r\nStatus Codes              \r\n              \r\n
    \   Staus Code      description    \r\n    200 OK      The information was successfully
    retrieved    \r\n    401 Unauthorized      An authentication parameter was passed,
    but either it was invalid or the technician is not entitled with a Remote Support
    seat    \r\n    404 Not Found      The sessionID is not valid for the authorized
    user and the session could not be found    \r\n    405 Method Not Allowed      The
    method was entered incorrectly (i.e., the technician tried to use POST, PUT etc.
    instead of GET)    \r\n    500 Internal Server Error      An unhandled error occurred"
  image: http://kinlane-productions.s3.amazonaws.com/screen-capture-api/28873-www-logmeininc-com.jpg
  humanURL: http://www.LogMeInInc.com
  baseURL: https://api.getgo.com//G2A/rest/v1
  tags: SaaS, Technology, Enterprise, Voice, Videoconferencing, Audio, Webinars, Relative
    Data, Service API
  properties:
  - type: x-postman-collection
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/sessionssessionid-get-postman.md
  - type: x-openapi-spec
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/sessionssessionid-get-openapi.md
- name: GoToAssist Remote Support - Transcode Recordings
  x-api-slug: archiverecordingstranscodereadyfortranscoderecordingids-post
  description: "This method requests that a list of recordings be transcoded; once
    the API passes successfully, transcoding will be initiated for each of the recordings
    in the list. A result of \u201C204\u201D will be returned, regardless of the current
    state of the recordings (i.e., even if they are already transcoded). No more than
    500 recordings can be transcoded at once.\n\nNote: Session recording must be enabled
    on the account in order to use this API method. To enable session recording, log
    in at https://app.gotoassist.com (link is external) and go to Configure > GoToAssist
    Settings > Enable Session Recording check box.\n\n  Request Parameters                    \n
    \                     \n    field        data type      description    \n    recordingIds
    \       array      A list of RecordingIds for the recordings to be transcoded
    \   \n                      \n\nStatus Codes                \n                \n
    \   Staus Code        description    \n    204 No Content        Transcoding initiated
    \   \n    400 Bad Request        Request may be malformed or property may be missing
    or invalid    \n    403 Forbidden        Invalid authorization header or invalid
    recordingIDs    \n    500 Internal Server Error        Unexpected server error"
  image: http://kinlane-productions.s3.amazonaws.com/screen-capture-api/28873-www-logmeininc-com.jpg
  humanURL: http://www.LogMeInInc.com
  baseURL: https://api.getgo.com//G2A/rest/v1
  tags: SaaS, Technology, Enterprise, Voice, Videoconferencing, Audio, Webinars, Relative
    Data, Service API
  properties:
  - type: x-postman-collection
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/archiverecordingstranscodereadyfortranscoderecordingids-post-postman.md
  - type: x-openapi-spec
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/archiverecordingstranscodereadyfortranscoderecordingids-post-openapi.md
- name: GoToAssist Remote Support - Get WebChat Transcript Info
  x-api-slug: sessionssessionidevents-get
  description: "Get information about a current or previous web-chat session based
    upon the sessionID. The session must have been run within an account or company
    that the authenticated user has access to.\n\n  Response Parameters                    \n
    \                     \n    field        data type      description    \n    sessionId
    \       string      The unique ID of this session    \n    startTime        ISO
    8601 format*      The start time of web-chat session    \n    endTime        ISO
    8601 format*      The endTime of the session    \n    timeStamp        ISO 8601
    format*      Time when the event occurred    \n    content        string      Details
    of the event. It could be a question/answer asked by customer/expert or could
    indicate joining or ending of session by expert    \n    participantName        string
    \     Name of the customer or expert    \n                      \n* ISO 8601 format
    reference\n\nStatus Codes              \n              \n    Staus Code      description
    \   \n    200 OK      WebChat transcripts info successfully fetched    \n    400
    Bad Request      An error occurred due to missing required parameters or portal
    not being created    \n    401 Unauthorized      An authentication parameter was
    passed, but either it was invalid or the technician is not entitled with a Remote
    Support seat    \n    403 Forbidden      Access denied. User doesn\u2019t have
    required roles    \n    404 Not Found      No web-chat transcript found for the
    specified session-id    \n    405 Method Not Allowed      The method was entered
    incorrectly (i.e., the technician tried to use POST, PUT etc. instead of GET)
    \   \n    500 Internal Server Error      An unhandled error occurred"
  image: http://kinlane-productions.s3.amazonaws.com/screen-capture-api/28873-www-logmeininc-com.jpg
  humanURL: http://www.LogMeInInc.com
  baseURL: https://api.getgo.com//G2A/rest/v1
  tags: SaaS, Technology, Enterprise, Voice, Videoconferencing, Audio, Webinars, Relative
    Data, Service API
  properties:
  - type: x-postman-collection
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/sessionssessionidevents-get-postman.md
  - type: x-openapi-spec
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/sessionssessionidevents-get-openapi.md
- name: GoToAssist Remote Support - Get Machines
  x-api-slug: companiescompanyidmachines-get
  description: "This method retrieves information about the unattended machines associated
    with a specified company.\n\n  Response Parameters                    \n                      \n
    \   field        data type      description    \n    totalNumMachines        integer
    \     Number of machines returned.    \n    machines        map      Map of machines
    matching the search criteria.    \n    machineUuid        string      Un-attended
    machine uuid.    \n    machineName        string      Name of the un-attended
    machine.    \n    dnsName        string      DNS name of the un-attended machine
    \   \n    ipAddresses        string      IP Addresses associated with the un-attended
    machine.    \n    machineStatus        string      The current state of the session;
    it can be one of the following:ONLINE = un-attended machine is online\nOFFLINE
    = un-attended machine is offline\nBLOCKED = access to un-attended machine has
    been blocked\nREMOVED = un-attended machine setup has been removed  \n    companyId
    \       string      Id of the company with which the un-attended machine has been
    associated.    \n                      \n\nStatus Codes              \n              \n
    \   Staus Code      description    \n    200 OK      The information was successfully
    retrieved    \n    401 Unauthorized      An authentication parameter was passed,
    but either it was invalid or the technician is not entitled with a Remote Support
    seat    \n    403 Forbidden      Access denied. User doesn\u2019t have required
    roles    \n    404 Not Found      No machines found    \n    405 Method Not Allowed
    \     The method was entered incorrectly (i.e., the technician tried to use POST,
    PUT etc. instead of GET)    \n    500 Internal Server Error      An unhandled
    error occurred"
  image: http://kinlane-productions.s3.amazonaws.com/screen-capture-api/28873-www-logmeininc-com.jpg
  humanURL: http://www.LogMeInInc.com
  baseURL: https://api.getgo.com//G2A/rest/v1
  tags: SaaS, Technology, Enterprise, Voice, Videoconferencing, Audio, Webinars, Relative
    Data, Service API
  properties:
  - type: x-openapi-spec
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/companiescompanyidmachines-get-openapi.md
- name: GoToAssist Remote Support - Mark Recordings as Archived
  x-api-slug: archiverecordingsarchivedrecordingids-put
  description: "This method marks a list of recordings as archived by setting their
    archived flag to \u201Ctrue.\u201D No more than 500 recordings can be marked as
    archived once.\n\nNote: Session recording must be enabled on the account in order
    to use this API method. To enable session recording, log in at https://app.gotoassist.com
    (link is external) and go to Configure > GoToAssist Settings > Enable Session
    Recording check box.\n\n  Request Parameters                    \n                      \n
    \   field        data type      description    \n    recordingIds        array
    \     A list of recordingIDs for the recordings to be archived    \n\n\nStatus
    Codes                \n                \n    Staus Code        description    \n
    \   204 No Content        Recordings have been archived    \n    400 Bad Request
    \       Request may be malformed or property may be missing or invalid    \n    403
    Forbidden        Invalid authorization header or invalid recordingIDs    \n    500
    Internal Server Error        Unexpected server error"
  image: http://kinlane-productions.s3.amazonaws.com/screen-capture-api/28873-www-logmeininc-com.jpg
  humanURL: http://www.LogMeInInc.com
  baseURL: https://api.getgo.com//G2A/rest/v1
  tags: SaaS, Technology, Enterprise, Voice, Videoconferencing, Audio, Webinars, Relative
    Data, Service API
  properties:
  - type: x-postman-collection
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/archiverecordingsarchivedrecordingids-put-postman.md
  - type: x-openapi-spec
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/archiverecordingsarchivedrecordingids-put-openapi.md
- name: GoToMeeting - Upcoming meetings by group
  x-api-slug: groupsgroupkeyupcomingmeetings-get
  description: Get upcoming meetings for a specified group. This API call is only
    available to users with the admin role. This API call can be used only for groups
    with maximum 50 organizers.
  image: http://kinlane-productions.s3.amazonaws.com/screen-capture-api/28873-www-logmeininc-com.jpg
  humanURL: http://www.LogMeInInc.com
  baseURL: https://api.getgo.com//G2M/rest
  tags: SaaS, Technology, Enterprise, Voice, Videoconferencing, Audio, Webinars, Relative
    Data, Service API
  properties:
  - type: x-postman-collection
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/groupsgroupkeyupcomingmeetings-get-postman.md
  - type: x-openapi-spec
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/groupsgroupkeyupcomingmeetings-get-openapi.md
- name: GoToMeeting - Organizer
  x-api-slug: organizersorganizerkey-get
  description: Gets the individual organizer specified by the organizer's email address.
    If an email address is not specified, all organizers are returned. This API call
    is only available to users with the admin role.
  image: http://kinlane-productions.s3.amazonaws.com/screen-capture-api/28873-www-logmeininc-com.jpg
  humanURL: http://www.LogMeInInc.com
  baseURL: https://api.getgo.com//G2M/rest
  tags: SaaS, Technology, Enterprise, Voice, Videoconferencing, Audio, Webinars, Relative
    Data, Service API
  properties:
  - type: x-postman-collection
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/organizersorganizerkey-get-postman.md
  - type: x-openapi-spec
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/organizersorganizerkey-get-openapi.md
- name: GoToMeeting - Organizer
  x-api-slug: organizersorganizerkey-put
  description: "Updates the products of the specified organizer. To add a product
    (G2M, G2W, G2T, OPENVOICE) for the organizer, the call must be sent once for each
    product you want to add. To remove all products for the organizer, set status
    to 'suspended'. The call is limited to users with the admin role.\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\r\n\t\tfield\t\t\tvalue\t\t\tdescription\t\t\r\n\t\t\"firstName\"\t\t\t\"First\"\t\t\tString
    - max 25 characters\t\t\r\n\t\t\"lastName\"\t\t\t\"Last\"\t\t\tString - max 25
    characters\t\t\r\n\t\t\"organizerEmail\"\t\t\t\"valid.org@email.com\"\t\t\tString
    with valid email syntax\t\t\r\n\t\t\"productType\"\t\t\t\"G2M\"\t\t\tMust be:
    G2M, G2W, G2T, OV\t\t\r\n\t\t\"status\"\t\t\t\"suspended\"\t\t\tMust be: blank
    or suspended"
  image: http://kinlane-productions.s3.amazonaws.com/screen-capture-api/28873-www-logmeininc-com.jpg
  humanURL: http://www.LogMeInInc.com
  baseURL: https://api.getgo.com//G2M/rest
  tags: SaaS, Technology, Enterprise, Voice, Videoconferencing, Audio, Webinars, Relative
    Data, Service API
  properties:
  - type: x-postman-collection
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/organizersorganizerkey-put-postman.md
  - type: x-openapi-spec
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/organizersorganizerkey-put-openapi.md
- name: GoToMeeting - Organizer
  x-api-slug: organizersorganizerkey-delete
  description: Deletes the individual organizer specified by the organizer key. This
    API call is only available to users with the admin role.
  image: http://kinlane-productions.s3.amazonaws.com/screen-capture-api/28873-www-logmeininc-com.jpg
  humanURL: http://www.LogMeInInc.com
  baseURL: https://api.getgo.com//G2M/rest
  tags: SaaS, Technology, Enterprise, Voice, Videoconferencing, Audio, Webinars, Relative
    Data, Service API
  properties:
  - type: x-postman-collection
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/organizersorganizerkey-delete-postman.md
  - type: x-openapi-spec
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/organizersorganizerkey-delete-openapi.md
- name: GoToMeeting - Meeting
  x-api-slug: meetings-post
  description: "Create a new meeting based on the parameters specified.\r\n\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\r\n\t\tfield\t\t\tvalue\t\t\tdescription\t\t\r\n\t\t\"subject\"\t\t\t\"subject\"\t\t\tString
    - max 100 char.\t\t\r\n\t\t\"starttime\"\t\t\t\"2019-05-10T12:00:00Z\"\t\t\t{YYYY}-{MM}-{DD}T{HH}:{MM}:{SS}Z
    format, UTC only\t\t\r\n\t\t\"endtime\"\t\t\t\"2019-05-10T13:00:00Z\"\t\t\t{YYYY}-{MM}-{DD}T{HH}:{MM}:{SS}Z
    format, UTC only\t\t\r\n\t\t\"passwordRequired\"\t\t\tFALSE\t\t\tBoolean: true,
    false\t\t\r\n\t\t\"conferencecallinfo\"\t\t\t\"hybrid\"\t\t\tMust be one of: Hybrid,
    PTSN, Free, Private, VoIP.\t\t\r\n\t\t\"timezonekey\"\t\t\t\t\t\tAll times default
    to UTC\t\t\r\n\t\t\"meetingtype\"\t\t\t\"scheduled\"\t\t\tMust be one of: scheduled,
    recurring, immediate"
  image: http://kinlane-productions.s3.amazonaws.com/screen-capture-api/28873-www-logmeininc-com.jpg
  humanURL: http://www.LogMeInInc.com
  baseURL: https://api.getgo.com//G2M/rest
  tags: SaaS, Technology, Enterprise, Voice, Videoconferencing, Audio, Webinars, Relative
    Data, Service API
  properties:
  - type: x-openapi-spec
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/meetings-post-openapi.md
- name: GoToMeeting - Groups
  x-api-slug: groups-get
  description: List all groups for an account. This API call is only available to
    users with the admin role.
  image: http://kinlane-productions.s3.amazonaws.com/screen-capture-api/28873-www-logmeininc-com.jpg
  humanURL: http://www.LogMeInInc.com
  baseURL: https://api.getgo.com//G2M/rest
  tags: SaaS, Technology, Enterprise, Voice, Videoconferencing, Audio, Webinars, Relative
    Data, Service API
  properties:
  - type: x-openapi-spec
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/groups-get-openapi.md
- name: GoToMeeting - Organizer by email
  x-api-slug: organizers-get
  description: Gets the individual organizer specified by the organizer's email address.
    If an email address is not specified, all organizers are returned. This API call
    is only available to users with the admin role.
  image: http://kinlane-productions.s3.amazonaws.com/screen-capture-api/28873-www-logmeininc-com.jpg
  humanURL: http://www.LogMeInInc.com
  baseURL: https://api.getgo.com//G2M/rest
  tags: SaaS, Technology, Enterprise, Voice, Videoconferencing, Audio, Webinars, Relative
    Data, Service API
  properties:
  - type: x-postman-collection
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/organizers-get-postman.md
  - type: x-openapi-spec
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/organizers-get-openapi.md
- name: GoToMeeting - Organizer
  x-api-slug: organizers-post
  description: "Creates a new organizer and sends an email to the email address defined
    in the request. This API call is only available to users with the admin role.
    You may also pass 'G2W' or 'G2T' or 'OPENVOICE' as productType, to create organizers
    for those products. A G2W or G2T organizer will also have access to G2M.\r\n\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\r\n\t\tfield\t\t\tvalue\t\t\tdescription\t\t\r\n\t\t\"firstName\"\t\t\t\"First\"\t\t\tString
    - max 25 characters\t\t\r\n\t\t\"lastName\"\t\t\t\"Last\"\t\t\tString - max 25
    characters\t\t\r\n\t\t\"organizerEmail\"\t\t\t\"valid.org@email.com\"\t\t\tString
    with valid email syntax\t\t\r\n\t\t\"productType\"\t\t\t\"G2M\"\t\t\tMust be:
    G2M, G2W, G2T, OV"
  image: http://kinlane-productions.s3.amazonaws.com/screen-capture-api/28873-www-logmeininc-com.jpg
  humanURL: http://www.LogMeInInc.com
  baseURL: https://api.getgo.com//G2M/rest
  tags: SaaS, Technology, Enterprise, Voice, Videoconferencing, Audio, Webinars, Relative
    Data, Service API
  properties:
  - type: x-openapi-spec
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/organizers-post-openapi.md
- name: GoToMeeting - Organizer by email
  x-api-slug: organizers-delete
  description: Deletes the individual organizer specified by the email address. This
    API call is only available to users with the admin role.
  image: http://kinlane-productions.s3.amazonaws.com/screen-capture-api/28873-www-logmeininc-com.jpg
  humanURL: http://www.LogMeInInc.com
  baseURL: https://api.getgo.com//G2M/rest
  tags: SaaS, Technology, Enterprise, Voice, Videoconferencing, Audio, Webinars, Relative
    Data, Service API
  properties:
  - type: x-openapi-spec
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/organizers-delete-openapi.md
- name: GoToMeeting - Historical meetings
  x-api-slug: historicalmeetings-get
  description: 'Get historical meetings for the currently authenticated organizer
    that started within the specified date/time range. Remark: Meetings which are
    still ongoing at the time of the request are NOT contained in the result array.'
  image: http://kinlane-productions.s3.amazonaws.com/screen-capture-api/28873-www-logmeininc-com.jpg
  humanURL: http://www.LogMeInInc.com
  baseURL: https://api.getgo.com//G2M/rest
  tags: SaaS, Technology, Enterprise, Voice, Videoconferencing, Audio, Webinars, Relative
    Data, Service API
  properties:
  - type: x-postman-collection
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/historicalmeetings-get-postman.md
  - type: x-openapi-spec
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/historicalmeetings-get-openapi.md
- name: GoToMeeting - Attendees by meeting
  x-api-slug: meetingsmeetinginstancekeyattendees-get
  description: List all attendees for specified meetingId of historical meeting. The
    historical meetings can be fetched using 'Get historical meetings', 'Get historical
    meetings by organizer', and 'Get historical meetings by group'. For users with
    the admin role this call returns attendees for any meeting. For any other user
    the call will return attendees for meetings on which the user is a valid organizer.
  image: http://kinlane-productions.s3.amazonaws.com/screen-capture-api/28873-www-logmeininc-com.jpg
  humanURL: http://www.LogMeInInc.com
  baseURL: https://api.getgo.com//G2M/rest
  tags: SaaS, Technology, Enterprise, Voice, Videoconferencing, Audio, Webinars, Relative
    Data, Service API
  properties:
  - type: x-postman-collection
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/meetingsmeetinginstancekeyattendees-get-postman.md
  - type: x-openapi-spec
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/meetingsmeetinginstancekeyattendees-get-openapi.md
- name: GoToMeeting - Meeting link
  x-api-slug: meetingsmeetingidstart-get
  description: Returns a host URL that can be used to start a meeting. When this URL
    is opened in a web browser, the GoToMeeting client will be downloaded and launched
    and the meeting will start. The end user is not required to login to a client.
  image: http://kinlane-productions.s3.amazonaws.com/screen-capture-api/28873-www-logmeininc-com.jpg
  humanURL: http://www.LogMeInInc.com
  baseURL: https://api.getgo.com//G2M/rest
  tags: SaaS, Technology, Enterprise, Voice, Videoconferencing, Audio, Webinars, Relative
    Data, Service API
  properties:
  - type: x-openapi-spec
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/meetingsmeetingidstart-get-openapi.md
- name: GoToMeeting - Attendees by organizer
  x-api-slug: organizersorganizerkeyattendees-get
  description: Lists all attendees for all meetings within a specified date range
    for a specified organizer. This API call is only available to users with the admin
    role.
  image: http://kinlane-productions.s3.amazonaws.com/screen-capture-api/28873-www-logmeininc-com.jpg
  humanURL: http://www.LogMeInInc.com
  baseURL: https://api.getgo.com//G2M/rest
  tags: SaaS, Technology, Enterprise, Voice, Videoconferencing, Audio, Webinars, Relative
    Data, Service API
  properties:
  - type: x-postman-collection
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/organizersorganizerkeyattendees-get-postman.md
  - type: x-openapi-spec
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/organizersorganizerkeyattendees-get-openapi.md
- name: GoToMeeting - Organizers by group
  x-api-slug: groupsgroupkeyorganizers-get
  description: Returns all the organizers within a specific group. This API call is
    only available to users with the admin role.
  image: http://kinlane-productions.s3.amazonaws.com/screen-capture-api/28873-www-logmeininc-com.jpg
  humanURL: http://www.LogMeInInc.com
  baseURL: https://api.getgo.com//G2M/rest
  tags: SaaS, Technology, Enterprise, Voice, Videoconferencing, Audio, Webinars, Relative
    Data, Service API
  properties:
  - type: x-postman-collection
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/groupsgroupkeyorganizers-get-postman.md
  - type: x-openapi-spec
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/groupsgroupkeyorganizers-get-openapi.md
- name: GoToMeeting - Meeting
  x-api-slug: meetingsmeetingid-get
  description: Returns the meeting details for the specified meeting.
  image: http://kinlane-productions.s3.amazonaws.com/screen-capture-api/28873-www-logmeininc-com.jpg
  humanURL: http://www.LogMeInInc.com
  baseURL: https://api.getgo.com//G2M/rest
  tags: SaaS, Technology, Enterprise, Voice, Videoconferencing, Audio, Webinars, Relative
    Data, Service API
  properties:
  - type: x-openapi-spec
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/meetingsmeetingid-get-openapi.md
- name: GoToMeeting - Meeting
  x-api-slug: meetingsmeetingid-put
  description: "Updates an existing meeting specified by meetingId.\r\n\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\r\n\t\tfield\t\t\tvalue\t\t\tdescription\t\t\r\n\t\t\"subject\"\t\t\t\"subject\"\t\t\tString
    - max 100 char.\t\t\r\n\t\t\"starttime\"\t\t\t\"2019-05-10T12:00:00Z\"\t\t\t{YYYY}-{MM}-{DD}T{HH}:{MM}:{SS}Z
    format, UTC only\t\t\r\n\t\t\"endtime\"\t\t\t\"2019-05-10T13:00:00Z\"\t\t\t{YYYY}-{MM}-{DD}T{HH}:{MM}:{SS}Z
    format, UTC only\t\t\r\n\t\t\"passwordRequired\"\t\t\tFALSE\t\t\tBoolean: true,
    false\t\t\r\n\t\t\"conferencecallinfo\"\t\t\t\"hybrid\"\t\t\tMust be one of: Hybrid,
    PTSN, Free, Private, VoIP.\t\t\r\n\t\t\"timezonekey\"\t\t\t\t\t\tAll times default
    to UTC\t\t\r\n\t\t\"meetingtype\"\t\t\t\"scheduled\"\t\t\tMust be one of: scheduled,
    recurring, immediate"
  image: http://kinlane-productions.s3.amazonaws.com/screen-capture-api/28873-www-logmeininc-com.jpg
  humanURL: http://www.LogMeInInc.com
  baseURL: https://api.getgo.com//G2M/rest
  tags: SaaS, Technology, Enterprise, Voice, Videoconferencing, Audio, Webinars, Relative
    Data, Service API
  properties:
  - type: x-openapi-spec
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/meetingsmeetingid-put-openapi.md
- name: GoToMeeting - Meeting
  x-api-slug: meetingsmeetingid-delete
  description: Deletes the meeting identified by the meetingId.
  image: http://kinlane-productions.s3.amazonaws.com/screen-capture-api/28873-www-logmeininc-com.jpg
  humanURL: http://www.LogMeInInc.com
  baseURL: https://api.getgo.com//G2M/rest
  tags: SaaS, Technology, Enterprise, Voice, Videoconferencing, Audio, Webinars, Relative
    Data, Service API
  properties:
  - type: x-openapi-spec
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/meetingsmeetingid-delete-openapi.md
- name: GoToMeeting - Attendees by group
  x-api-slug: groupsgroupkeyattendees-get
  description: Returns all attendees for all meetings within specified date range
    held by organizers within the specified group. This API call is only available
    to users with the admin role. This API call can be used only for groups with maximum
    50 organizers.
  image: http://kinlane-productions.s3.amazonaws.com/screen-capture-api/28873-www-logmeininc-com.jpg
  humanURL: http://www.LogMeInInc.com
  baseURL: https://api.getgo.com//G2M/rest
  tags: SaaS, Technology, Enterprise, Voice, Videoconferencing, Audio, Webinars, Relative
    Data, Service API
  properties:
  - type: x-postman-collection
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/groupsgroupkeyattendees-get-postman.md
  - type: x-openapi-spec
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/groupsgroupkeyattendees-get-openapi.md
- name: GoToMeeting - Upcoming meetings
  x-api-slug: upcomingmeetings-get
  description: Gets upcoming meetings for the current authenticated organizer.
  image: http://kinlane-productions.s3.amazonaws.com/screen-capture-api/28873-www-logmeininc-com.jpg
  humanURL: http://www.LogMeInInc.com
  baseURL: https://api.getgo.com//G2M/rest
  tags: SaaS, Technology, Enterprise, Voice, Videoconferencing, Audio, Webinars, Relative
    Data, Service API
  properties:
  - type: x-postman-collection
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/upcomingmeetings-get-postman.md
  - type: x-openapi-spec
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/upcomingmeetings-get-openapi.md
- name: GoToMeeting - Organizer in group
  x-api-slug: groupsgroupkeyorganizers-post
  description: "Creates a new organizer and sends an email to the email address defined
    in request. This API call is only available to users with the admin role. You
    may also pass 'G2W' or 'G2T' or 'OPENVOICE' as productType variables, creating
    organizers for those products. A G2W or G2T organizer will also have access to
    G2M.\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\r\n\t\tfield\t\t\tvalue\t\t\tdescription\t\t\r\n\t\t\"organizerEmail\"\t\t\t\"valid.org@email.com\"\t\t\tString
    with valid email syntax\t\t\r\n\t\t\"firstName\"\t\t\t\"First\"\t\t\tString -
    max 25 characters\t\t\r\n\t\t\"lastName\"\t\t\t\"Last\"\t\t\tString - max 25 characters\t\t\r\n\t\t\"productType\"\t\t\t\"G2M\"\t\t\tMust
    be: G2M, G2W, G2T, OV"
  image: http://kinlane-productions.s3.amazonaws.com/screen-capture-api/28873-www-logmeininc-com.jpg
  humanURL: http://www.LogMeInInc.com
  baseURL: https://api.getgo.com//G2M/rest
  tags: SaaS, Technology, Enterprise, Voice, Videoconferencing, Audio, Webinars, Relative
    Data, Service API
  properties:
  - type: x-openapi-spec
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/groupsgroupkeyorganizers-post-openapi.md
- name: GoToMeeting - Historical meetings by organizer
  x-api-slug: organizersorganizerkeyhistoricalmeetings-get
  description: Get historical meetings for the specified organizer that started within
    the specified date/time range. Meetings which are still ongoing at the time of
    the request are not included in the result.
  image: http://kinlane-productions.s3.amazonaws.com/screen-capture-api/28873-www-logmeininc-com.jpg
  humanURL: http://www.LogMeInInc.com
  baseURL: https://api.getgo.com//G2M/rest
  tags: SaaS, Technology, Enterprise, Voice, Videoconferencing, Audio, Webinars, Relative
    Data, Service API
  properties:
  - type: x-postman-collection
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/organizersorganizerkeyhistoricalmeetings-get-postman.md
  - type: x-openapi-spec
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/organizersorganizerkeyhistoricalmeetings-get-openapi.md
- name: GoToMeeting - Historical meetings by group
  x-api-slug: groupsgroupkeyhistoricalmeetings-get
  description: 'Get historical meetings for the specified group that started within
    the specified date/time range. This API call is only available to users with the
    admin role. This API call is restricted to groups with a maximum of 50 organizers.
    Remark: Meetings which are still ongoing at the time of the request are NOT contained
    in the result array.'
  image: http://kinlane-productions.s3.amazonaws.com/screen-capture-api/28873-www-logmeininc-com.jpg
  humanURL: http://www.LogMeInInc.com
  baseURL: https://api.getgo.com//G2M/rest
  tags: SaaS, Technology, Enterprise, Voice, Videoconferencing, Audio, Webinars, Relative
    Data, Service API
  properties:
  - type: x-postman-collection
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/groupsgroupkeyhistoricalmeetings-get-postman.md
  - type: x-openapi-spec
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/groupsgroupkeyhistoricalmeetings-get-openapi.md
- name: GoToTraining API - Start Training
  x-api-slug: trainingstrainingkeystart-get
  description: Start training.
  image: http://kinlane-productions.s3.amazonaws.com/screen-capture-api/28873-www-logmeininc-com.jpg
  humanURL: http://www.LogMeInInc.com
  baseURL: https://api.getgo.com//G2T/rest
  tags: SaaS, Technology, Enterprise, Voice, Videoconferencing, Audio, Webinars, Relative
    Data, Service API
  properties:
  - type: x-postman-collection
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/trainingstrainingkeystart-get-postman.md
  - type: x-openapi-spec
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/trainingstrainingkeystart-get-openapi.md
- name: GoToTraining API - Get Start Url
  x-api-slug: organizersorganizerkeytrainingstrainingkeystarturl-get
  description: Get start url.
  image: http://kinlane-productions.s3.amazonaws.com/screen-capture-api/28873-www-logmeininc-com.jpg
  humanURL: http://www.LogMeInInc.com
  baseURL: https://api.getgo.com//G2T/rest
  tags: SaaS, Technology, Enterprise, Voice, Videoconferencing, Audio, Webinars, Relative
    Data, Service API
  properties:
  - type: x-postman-collection
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/organizersorganizerkeytrainingstrainingkeystarturl-get-postman.md
  - type: x-openapi-spec
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/organizersorganizerkeytrainingstrainingkeystarturl-get-openapi.md
- name: GoToTraining API - Update Training Organizers
  x-api-slug: organizersorganizerkeytrainingstrainingkeyorganizers-put
  description: Update training organizers.
  image: http://kinlane-productions.s3.amazonaws.com/screen-capture-api/28873-www-logmeininc-com.jpg
  humanURL: http://www.LogMeInInc.com
  baseURL: https://api.getgo.com//G2T/rest
  tags: SaaS, Technology, Enterprise, Voice, Videoconferencing, Audio, Webinars, Relative
    Data, Service API
  properties:
  - type: x-openapi-spec
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/organizersorganizerkeytrainingstrainingkeyorganizers-put-openapi.md
- name: GoToTraining API - Get Registrant
  x-api-slug: organizersorganizerkeytrainingstrainingkeyregistrantsregistrantkey-get
  description: Get registrant.
  image: http://kinlane-productions.s3.amazonaws.com/screen-capture-api/28873-www-logmeininc-com.jpg
  humanURL: http://www.LogMeInInc.com
  baseURL: https://api.getgo.com//G2T/rest
  tags: SaaS, Technology, Enterprise, Voice, Videoconferencing, Audio, Webinars, Relative
    Data, Service API
  properties:
  - type: x-openapi-spec
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/organizersorganizerkeytrainingstrainingkeyregistrantsregistrantkey-get-openapi.md
- name: GoToTraining API - Cancel Registration
  x-api-slug: organizersorganizerkeytrainingstrainingkeyregistrantsregistrantkey-delete
  description: Cancel registration.
  image: http://kinlane-productions.s3.amazonaws.com/screen-capture-api/28873-www-logmeininc-com.jpg
  humanURL: http://www.LogMeInInc.com
  baseURL: https://api.getgo.com//G2T/rest
  tags: SaaS, Technology, Enterprise, Voice, Videoconferencing, Audio, Webinars, Relative
    Data, Service API
  properties:
  - type: x-postman-collection
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/organizersorganizerkeytrainingstrainingkeyregistrantsregistrantkey-delete-postman.md
  - type: x-openapi-spec
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/organizersorganizerkeytrainingstrainingkeyregistrantsregistrantkey-delete-openapi.md
- name: GoToTraining API - Get Sessions by Training
  x-api-slug: reportsorganizersorganizerkeytrainingstrainingkey-get
  description: Get sessions by training.
  image: http://kinlane-productions.s3.amazonaws.com/screen-capture-api/28873-www-logmeininc-com.jpg
  humanURL: http://www.LogMeInInc.com
  baseURL: https://api.getgo.com//G2T/rest
  tags: SaaS, Technology, Enterprise, Voice, Videoconferencing, Audio, Webinars, Relative
    Data, Service API
  properties:
  - type: x-openapi-spec
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/reportsorganizersorganizerkeytrainingstrainingkey-get-openapi.md
- name: GoToTraining API - Get Trainings
  x-api-slug: organizersorganizerkeytrainings-get
  description: Get trainings.
  image: http://kinlane-productions.s3.amazonaws.com/screen-capture-api/28873-www-logmeininc-com.jpg
  humanURL: http://www.LogMeInInc.com
  baseURL: https://api.getgo.com//G2T/rest
  tags: SaaS, Technology, Enterprise, Voice, Videoconferencing, Audio, Webinars, Relative
    Data, Service API
  properties:
  - type: x-postman-collection
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/organizersorganizerkeytrainings-get-postman.md
  - type: x-openapi-spec
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/organizersorganizerkeytrainings-get-openapi.md
- name: GoToTraining API - Create Training
  x-api-slug: organizersorganizerkeytrainings-post
  description: Create training.
  image: http://kinlane-productions.s3.amazonaws.com/screen-capture-api/28873-www-logmeininc-com.jpg
  humanURL: http://www.LogMeInInc.com
  baseURL: https://api.getgo.com//G2T/rest
  tags: SaaS, Technology, Enterprise, Voice, Videoconferencing, Audio, Webinars, Relative
    Data, Service API
  properties:
  - type: x-openapi-spec
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/organizersorganizerkeytrainings-post-openapi.md
- name: GoToTraining API - Update Training Registration Settings
  x-api-slug: organizersorganizerkeytrainingstrainingkeyregistrationsettings-put
  description: Update training registration settings.
  image: http://kinlane-productions.s3.amazonaws.com/screen-capture-api/28873-www-logmeininc-com.jpg
  humanURL: http://www.LogMeInInc.com
  baseURL: https://api.getgo.com//G2T/rest
  tags: SaaS, Technology, Enterprise, Voice, Videoconferencing, Audio, Webinars, Relative
    Data, Service API
  properties:
  - type: x-openapi-spec
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/organizersorganizerkeytrainingstrainingkeyregistrationsettings-put-openapi.md
- name: GoToTraining API - Get Training
  x-api-slug: organizersorganizerkeytrainingstrainingkey-get
  description: Get training.
  image: http://kinlane-productions.s3.amazonaws.com/screen-capture-api/28873-www-logmeininc-com.jpg
  humanURL: http://www.LogMeInInc.com
  baseURL: https://api.getgo.com//G2T/rest
  tags: SaaS, Technology, Enterprise, Voice, Videoconferencing, Audio, Webinars, Relative
    Data, Service API
  properties:
  - type: x-openapi-spec
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/organizersorganizerkeytrainingstrainingkey-get-openapi.md
- name: GoToTraining API - Delete Training
  x-api-slug: organizersorganizerkeytrainingstrainingkey-delete
  description: Delete training.
  image: http://kinlane-productions.s3.amazonaws.com/screen-capture-api/28873-www-logmeininc-com.jpg
  humanURL: http://www.LogMeInInc.com
  baseURL: https://api.getgo.com//G2T/rest
  tags: SaaS, Technology, Enterprise, Voice, Videoconferencing, Audio, Webinars, Relative
    Data, Service API
  properties:
  - type: x-openapi-spec
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/organizersorganizerkeytrainingstrainingkey-delete-openapi.md
- name: GoToTraining API - Get Training Registrants
  x-api-slug: organizersorganizerkeytrainingstrainingkeyregistrants-get
  description: Get training registrants.
  image: http://kinlane-productions.s3.amazonaws.com/screen-capture-api/28873-www-logmeininc-com.jpg
  humanURL: http://www.LogMeInInc.com
  baseURL: https://api.getgo.com//G2T/rest
  tags: SaaS, Technology, Enterprise, Voice, Videoconferencing, Audio, Webinars, Relative
    Data, Service API
  properties:
  - type: x-openapi-spec
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/organizersorganizerkeytrainingstrainingkeyregistrants-get-openapi.md
- name: GoToTraining API - Register for Training
  x-api-slug: organizersorganizerkeytrainingstrainingkeyregistrants-post
  description: Register for training.
  image: http://kinlane-productions.s3.amazonaws.com/screen-capture-api/28873-www-logmeininc-com.jpg
  humanURL: http://www.LogMeInInc.com
  baseURL: https://api.getgo.com//G2T/rest
  tags: SaaS, Technology, Enterprise, Voice, Videoconferencing, Audio, Webinars, Relative
    Data, Service API
  properties:
  - type: x-openapi-spec
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/organizersorganizerkeytrainingstrainingkeyregistrants-post-openapi.md
- name: GoToTraining API - Get Management URL for Training
  x-api-slug: organizersorganizerkeytrainingstrainingkeymanageurl-get
  description: Get management url for training.
  image: http://kinlane-productions.s3.amazonaws.com/screen-capture-api/28873-www-logmeininc-com.jpg
  humanURL: http://www.LogMeInInc.com
  baseURL: https://api.getgo.com//G2T/rest
  tags: SaaS, Technology, Enterprise, Voice, Videoconferencing, Audio, Webinars, Relative
    Data, Service API
  properties:
  - type: x-openapi-spec
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/organizersorganizerkeytrainingstrainingkeymanageurl-get-openapi.md
- name: GoToTraining API - Get Online Recordings for Training
  x-api-slug: trainingstrainingkeyrecordings-get
  description: Get online recordings for training.
  image: http://kinlane-productions.s3.amazonaws.com/screen-capture-api/28873-www-logmeininc-com.jpg
  humanURL: http://www.LogMeInInc.com
  baseURL: https://api.getgo.com//G2T/rest
  tags: SaaS, Technology, Enterprise, Voice, Videoconferencing, Audio, Webinars, Relative
    Data, Service API
  properties:
  - type: x-openapi-spec
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/trainingstrainingkeyrecordings-get-openapi.md
- name: GoToTraining API - Update Training Times
  x-api-slug: organizersorganizerkeytrainingstrainingkeytimes-put
  description: Update training times.
  image: http://kinlane-productions.s3.amazonaws.com/screen-capture-api/28873-www-logmeininc-com.jpg
  humanURL: http://www.LogMeInInc.com
  baseURL: https://api.getgo.com//G2T/rest
  tags: SaaS, Technology, Enterprise, Voice, Videoconferencing, Audio, Webinars, Relative
    Data, Service API
  properties:
  - type: x-openapi-spec
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/organizersorganizerkeytrainingstrainingkeytimes-put-openapi.md
- name: GoToTraining API - Update Training Name and Description
  x-api-slug: organizersorganizerkeytrainingstrainingkeynamedescription-put
  description: Update training name and description.
  image: http://kinlane-productions.s3.amazonaws.com/screen-capture-api/28873-www-logmeininc-com.jpg
  humanURL: http://www.LogMeInInc.com
  baseURL: https://api.getgo.com//G2T/rest
  tags: SaaS, Technology, Enterprise, Voice, Videoconferencing, Audio, Webinars, Relative
    Data, Service API
  properties:
  - type: x-openapi-spec
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/organizersorganizerkeytrainingstrainingkeynamedescription-put-openapi.md
- name: GoToTraining API - Get Download for Online Recordings
  x-api-slug: trainingstrainingkeyrecordingsrecordingid-get
  description: Get download for online recordings.
  image: http://kinlane-productions.s3.amazonaws.com/screen-capture-api/28873-www-logmeininc-com.jpg
  humanURL: http://www.LogMeInInc.com
  baseURL: https://api.getgo.com//G2T/rest
  tags: SaaS, Technology, Enterprise, Voice, Videoconferencing, Audio, Webinars, Relative
    Data, Service API
  properties:
  - type: x-openapi-spec
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/trainingstrainingkeyrecordingsrecordingid-get-openapi.md
- name: GoToTraining API - Get Sessions by Date Range
  x-api-slug: reportsorganizersorganizerkeysessions-post
  description: Get sessions by date range.
  image: http://kinlane-productions.s3.amazonaws.com/screen-capture-api/28873-www-logmeininc-com.jpg
  humanURL: http://www.LogMeInInc.com
  baseURL: https://api.getgo.com//G2T/rest
  tags: SaaS, Technology, Enterprise, Voice, Videoconferencing, Audio, Webinars, Relative
    Data, Service API
  properties:
  - type: x-openapi-spec
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/reportsorganizersorganizerkeysessions-post-openapi.md
- name: GoToTraining API - Get Attendance Details
  x-api-slug: reportsorganizersorganizerkeysessionssessionkeyattendees-get
  description: Get attendance details.
  image: http://kinlane-productions.s3.amazonaws.com/screen-capture-api/28873-www-logmeininc-com.jpg
  humanURL: http://www.LogMeInInc.com
  baseURL: https://api.getgo.com//G2T/rest
  tags: SaaS, Technology, Enterprise, Voice, Videoconferencing, Audio, Webinars, Relative
    Data, Service API
  properties:
  - type: x-postman-collection
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/reportsorganizersorganizerkeysessionssessionkeyattendees-get-postman.md
  - type: x-openapi-spec
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/reportsorganizersorganizerkeysessionssessionkeyattendees-get-openapi.md
- name: GoToWebinar API - Get webinar panelists
  x-api-slug: organizerkeywebinarswebinarkeypanelists-get
  description: Get webinar panelists.
  image: http://kinlane-productions.s3.amazonaws.com/screen-capture-api/28873-www-logmeininc-com.jpg
  humanURL: http://www.LogMeInInc.com
  baseURL: https://api.getgo.com//G2W/rest/organizers
  tags: SaaS, Technology, Enterprise, Voice, Videoconferencing, Audio, Webinars, Relative
    Data, Service API
  properties:
  - type: x-postman-collection
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/organizerkeywebinarswebinarkeypanelists-get-postman.md
  - type: x-openapi-spec
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/organizerkeywebinarswebinarkeypanelists-get-openapi.md
- name: GoToWebinar API - Create Panelists
  x-api-slug: organizerkeywebinarswebinarkeypanelists-post
  description: Create panelists.
  image: http://kinlane-productions.s3.amazonaws.com/screen-capture-api/28873-www-logmeininc-com.jpg
  humanURL: http://www.LogMeInInc.com
  baseURL: https://api.getgo.com//G2W/rest/organizers
  tags: SaaS, Technology, Enterprise, Voice, Videoconferencing, Audio, Webinars, Relative
    Data, Service API
  properties:
  - type: x-openapi-spec
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/organizerkeywebinarswebinarkeypanelists-post-openapi.md
- name: GoToWebinar API - Create Webinar
  x-api-slug: organizerkeywebinars-post
  description: Create webinar.
  image: http://kinlane-productions.s3.amazonaws.com/screen-capture-api/28873-www-logmeininc-com.jpg
  humanURL: http://www.LogMeInInc.com
  baseURL: https://api.getgo.com//G2W/rest/organizers
  tags: SaaS, Technology, Enterprise, Voice, Videoconferencing, Audio, Webinars, Relative
    Data, Service API
  properties:
  - type: x-openapi-spec
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/organizerkeywebinars-post-openapi.md
- name: GoToWebinar API - Get attendee
  x-api-slug: organizerkeywebinarswebinarkeysessionssessionkeyattendeesregistrantkey-get
  description: Get attendee.
  image: http://kinlane-productions.s3.amazonaws.com/screen-capture-api/28873-www-logmeininc-com.jpg
  humanURL: http://www.LogMeInInc.com
  baseURL: https://api.getgo.com//G2W/rest/organizers
  tags: SaaS, Technology, Enterprise, Voice, Videoconferencing, Audio, Webinars, Relative
    Data, Service API
  properties:
  - type: x-postman-collection
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/organizerkeywebinarswebinarkeysessionssessionkeyattendeesregistrantkey-get-postman.md
  - type: x-openapi-spec
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/organizerkeywebinarswebinarkeysessionssessionkeyattendeesregistrantkey-get-openapi.md
- name: GoToWebinar API - Get Webinar
  x-api-slug: organizerkeywebinarswebinarkey-get
  description: Get webinar.
  image: http://kinlane-productions.s3.amazonaws.com/screen-capture-api/28873-www-logmeininc-com.jpg
  humanURL: http://www.LogMeInInc.com
  baseURL: https://api.getgo.com//G2W/rest/organizers
  tags: SaaS, Technology, Enterprise, Voice, Videoconferencing, Audio, Webinars, Relative
    Data, Service API
  properties:
  - type: x-openapi-spec
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/organizerkeywebinarswebinarkey-get-openapi.md
- name: GoToWebinar API - Update webinar
  x-api-slug: organizerkeywebinarswebinarkey-put
  description: Update webinar.
  image: http://kinlane-productions.s3.amazonaws.com/screen-capture-api/28873-www-logmeininc-com.jpg
  humanURL: http://www.LogMeInInc.com
  baseURL: https://api.getgo.com//G2W/rest/organizers
  tags: SaaS, Technology, Enterprise, Voice, Videoconferencing, Audio, Webinars, Relative
    Data, Service API
  properties:
  - type: x-openapi-spec
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/organizerkeywebinarswebinarkey-put-openapi.md
- name: GoToWebinar API - Cancel Webinar
  x-api-slug: organizerkeywebinarswebinarkey-delete
  description: Cancel webinar.
  image: http://kinlane-productions.s3.amazonaws.com/screen-capture-api/28873-www-logmeininc-com.jpg
  humanURL: http://www.LogMeInInc.com
  baseURL: https://api.getgo.com//G2W/rest/organizers
  tags: SaaS, Technology, Enterprise, Voice, Videoconferencing, Audio, Webinars, Relative
    Data, Service API
  properties:
  - type: x-openapi-spec
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/organizerkeywebinarswebinarkey-delete-openapi.md
- name: GoToWebinar API - Get attendee questions
  x-api-slug: organizerkeywebinarswebinarkeysessionssessionkeyattendeesregistrantkeyquestions-get
  description: Get attendee questions.
  image: http://kinlane-productions.s3.amazonaws.com/screen-capture-api/28873-www-logmeininc-com.jpg
  humanURL: http://www.LogMeInInc.com
  baseURL: https://api.getgo.com//G2W/rest/organizers
  tags: SaaS, Technology, Enterprise, Voice, Videoconferencing, Audio, Webinars, Relative
    Data, Service API
  properties:
  - type: x-postman-collection
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/organizerkeywebinarswebinarkeysessionssessionkeyattendeesregistrantkeyquestions-get-postman.md
  - type: x-openapi-spec
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/organizerkeywebinarswebinarkeysessionssessionkeyattendeesregistrantkeyquestions-get-openapi.md
- name: GoToWebinar API - Get session surveys
  x-api-slug: organizerkeywebinarswebinarkeysessionssessionkeysurveys-get
  description: Get session surveys.
  image: http://kinlane-productions.s3.amazonaws.com/screen-capture-api/28873-www-logmeininc-com.jpg
  humanURL: http://www.LogMeInInc.com
  baseURL: https://api.getgo.com//G2W/rest/organizers
  tags: SaaS, Technology, Enterprise, Voice, Videoconferencing, Audio, Webinars, Relative
    Data, Service API
  properties:
  - type: x-openapi-spec
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/organizerkeywebinarswebinarkeysessionssessionkeysurveys-get-openapi.md
- name: GoToWebinar API - Get Registrant
  x-api-slug: organizerkeywebinarswebinarkeyregistrantsregistrantkey-get
  description: Get registrant.
  image: http://kinlane-productions.s3.amazonaws.com/screen-capture-api/28873-www-logmeininc-com.jpg
  humanURL: http://www.LogMeInInc.com
  baseURL: https://api.getgo.com//G2W/rest/organizers
  tags: SaaS, Technology, Enterprise, Voice, Videoconferencing, Audio, Webinars, Relative
    Data, Service API
  properties:
  - type: x-openapi-spec
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/organizerkeywebinarswebinarkeyregistrantsregistrantkey-get-openapi.md
- name: GoToWebinar API - Delete Registrant
  x-api-slug: organizerkeywebinarswebinarkeyregistrantsregistrantkey-delete
  description: Delete registrant.
  image: http://kinlane-productions.s3.amazonaws.com/screen-capture-api/28873-www-logmeininc-com.jpg
  humanURL: http://www.LogMeInInc.com
  baseURL: https://api.getgo.com//G2W/rest/organizers
  tags: SaaS, Technology, Enterprise, Voice, Videoconferencing, Audio, Webinars, Relative
    Data, Service API
  properties:
  - type: x-openapi-spec
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/organizerkeywebinarswebinarkeyregistrantsregistrantkey-delete-openapi.md
- name: GoToWebinar API - Get webinar meeting times
  x-api-slug: organizerkeywebinarswebinarkeymeetingtimes-get
  description: Get webinar meeting times.
  image: http://kinlane-productions.s3.amazonaws.com/screen-capture-api/28873-www-logmeininc-com.jpg
  humanURL: http://www.LogMeInInc.com
  baseURL: https://api.getgo.com//G2W/rest/organizers
  tags: SaaS, Technology, Enterprise, Voice, Videoconferencing, Audio, Webinars, Relative
    Data, Service API
  properties:
  - type: x-postman-collection
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/organizerkeywebinarswebinarkeymeetingtimes-get-postman.md
  - type: x-openapi-spec
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/organizerkeywebinarswebinarkeymeetingtimes-get-openapi.md
- name: GoToWebinar API - Historical Webinars
  x-api-slug: organizerkeyhistoricalwebinars-get
  description: "Returns details for completed webinars for the specified organizer
    and completed webinars of other organizers where the specified organizer is a
    co-organizer.\n\nParameters:\n- organizerkey \n- fromTime\n- toTime"
  image: http://kinlane-productions.s3.amazonaws.com/screen-capture-api/28873-www-logmeininc-com.jpg
  humanURL: http://www.LogMeInInc.com
  baseURL: https://api.getgo.com//G2W/rest/organizers
  tags: SaaS, Technology, Enterprise, Voice, Videoconferencing, Audio, Webinars, Relative
    Data, Service API
  properties:
  - type: x-postman-collection
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/organizerkeyhistoricalwebinars-get-postman.md
  - type: x-openapi-spec
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/organizerkeyhistoricalwebinars-get-openapi.md
- name: GoToWebinar API - Get audio information
  x-api-slug: organizerkeywebinarswebinarkeyaudio-get
  description: Get audio information.
  image: http://kinlane-productions.s3.amazonaws.com/screen-capture-api/28873-www-logmeininc-com.jpg
  humanURL: http://www.LogMeInInc.com
  baseURL: https://api.getgo.com//G2W/rest/organizers
  tags: SaaS, Technology, Enterprise, Voice, Videoconferencing, Audio, Webinars, Relative
    Data, Service API
  properties:
  - type: x-postman-collection
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/organizerkeywebinarswebinarkeyaudio-get-postman.md
  - type: x-openapi-spec
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/organizerkeywebinarswebinarkeyaudio-get-openapi.md
- name: GoToWebinar API - Update audio information
  x-api-slug: organizerkeywebinarswebinarkeyaudio-post
  description: Update audio information.
  image: http://kinlane-productions.s3.amazonaws.com/screen-capture-api/28873-www-logmeininc-com.jpg
  humanURL: http://www.LogMeInInc.com
  baseURL: https://api.getgo.com//G2W/rest/organizers
  tags: SaaS, Technology, Enterprise, Voice, Videoconferencing, Audio, Webinars, Relative
    Data, Service API
  properties:
  - type: x-postman-collection
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/organizerkeywebinarswebinarkeyaudio-post-postman.md
  - type: x-openapi-spec
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/organizerkeywebinarswebinarkeyaudio-post-openapi.md
- name: GoToWebinar API - Get registrants
  x-api-slug: organizerkeywebinarswebinarkeyregistrants-get
  description: Get registrants.
  image: http://kinlane-productions.s3.amazonaws.com/screen-capture-api/28873-www-logmeininc-com.jpg
  humanURL: http://www.LogMeInInc.com
  baseURL: https://api.getgo.com//G2W/rest/organizers
  tags: SaaS, Technology, Enterprise, Voice, Videoconferencing, Audio, Webinars, Relative
    Data, Service API
  properties:
  - type: x-openapi-spec
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/organizerkeywebinarswebinarkeyregistrants-get-openapi.md
- name: GoToWebinar API - Create Registrant (Version 2)
  x-api-slug: organizerkeywebinarswebinarkeyregistrants-post
  description: Create registrant (version 2).
  image: http://kinlane-productions.s3.amazonaws.com/screen-capture-api/28873-www-logmeininc-com.jpg
  humanURL: http://www.LogMeInInc.com
  baseURL: https://api.getgo.com//G2W/rest/organizers
  tags: SaaS, Technology, Enterprise, Voice, Videoconferencing, Audio, Webinars, Relative
    Data, Service API
  properties:
  - type: x-openapi-spec
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/organizerkeywebinarswebinarkeyregistrants-post-openapi.md
- name: GoToWebinar API - Resend panelist invitation
  x-api-slug: organizerkeywebinarswebinarkeypanelistspanelistkeyresendinvitation-post
  description: Resend panelist invitation.
  image: http://kinlane-productions.s3.amazonaws.com/screen-capture-api/28873-www-logmeininc-com.jpg
  humanURL: http://www.LogMeInInc.com
  baseURL: https://api.getgo.com//G2W/rest/organizers
  tags: SaaS, Technology, Enterprise, Voice, Videoconferencing, Audio, Webinars, Relative
    Data, Service API
  properties:
  - type: x-openapi-spec
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/organizerkeywebinarswebinarkeypanelistspanelistkeyresendinvitation-post-openapi.md
- name: GoToWebinar API - Get performance for all webinar sessions
  x-api-slug: organizerkeywebinarswebinarkeyperformance-get
  description: Get performance for all webinar sessions.
  image: http://kinlane-productions.s3.amazonaws.com/screen-capture-api/28873-www-logmeininc-com.jpg
  humanURL: http://www.LogMeInInc.com
  baseURL: https://api.getgo.com//G2W/rest/organizers
  tags: SaaS, Technology, Enterprise, Voice, Videoconferencing, Audio, Webinars, Relative
    Data, Service API
  properties:
  - type: x-openapi-spec
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/organizerkeywebinarswebinarkeyperformance-get-openapi.md
- name: GoToWebinar API - Resend invitation
  x-api-slug: organizerkeywebinarswebinarkeycoorganizerscoorganizerkeyresendinvitation-post
  description: Resend invitation.
  image: http://kinlane-productions.s3.amazonaws.com/screen-capture-api/28873-www-logmeininc-com.jpg
  humanURL: http://www.LogMeInInc.com
  baseURL: https://api.getgo.com//G2W/rest/organizers
  tags: SaaS, Technology, Enterprise, Voice, Videoconferencing, Audio, Webinars, Relative
    Data, Service API
  properties:
  - type: x-openapi-spec
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/organizerkeywebinarswebinarkeycoorganizerscoorganizerkeyresendinvitation-post-openapi.md
- name: GoToWebinar API - Get session polls
  x-api-slug: organizerkeywebinarswebinarkeysessionssessionkeypolls-get
  description: Get session polls.
  image: http://kinlane-productions.s3.amazonaws.com/screen-capture-api/28873-www-logmeininc-com.jpg
  humanURL: http://www.LogMeInInc.com
  baseURL: https://api.getgo.com//G2W/rest/organizers
  tags: SaaS, Technology, Enterprise, Voice, Videoconferencing, Audio, Webinars, Relative
    Data, Service API
  properties:
  - type: x-postman-collection
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/organizerkeywebinarswebinarkeysessionssessionkeypolls-get-postman.md
  - type: x-openapi-spec
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/organizerkeywebinarswebinarkeysessionssessionkeypolls-get-openapi.md
- name: GoToWebinar API - Get session questions
  x-api-slug: organizerkeywebinarswebinarkeysessionssessionkeyquestions-get
  description: Get session questions.
  image: http://kinlane-productions.s3.amazonaws.com/screen-capture-api/28873-www-logmeininc-com.jpg
  humanURL: http://www.LogMeInInc.com
  baseURL: https://api.getgo.com//G2W/rest/organizers
  tags: SaaS, Technology, Enterprise, Voice, Videoconferencing, Audio, Webinars, Relative
    Data, Service API
  properties:
  - type: x-openapi-spec
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/organizerkeywebinarswebinarkeysessionssessionkeyquestions-get-openapi.md
- name: GoToWebinar API - Get webinar sessions
  x-api-slug: organizerkeywebinarswebinarkeysessions-get
  description: Get webinar sessions.
  image: http://kinlane-productions.s3.amazonaws.com/screen-capture-api/28873-www-logmeininc-com.jpg
  humanURL: http://www.LogMeInInc.com
  baseURL: https://api.getgo.com//G2W/rest/organizers
  tags: SaaS, Technology, Enterprise, Voice, Videoconferencing, Audio, Webinars, Relative
    Data, Service API
  properties:
  - type: x-openapi-spec
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/organizerkeywebinarswebinarkeysessions-get-openapi.md
- name: GoToWebinar API - Get registration fields
  x-api-slug: organizerkeywebinarswebinarkeyregistrantsfields-get
  description: Get registration fields.
  image: http://kinlane-productions.s3.amazonaws.com/screen-capture-api/28873-www-logmeininc-com.jpg
  humanURL: http://www.LogMeInInc.com
  baseURL: https://api.getgo.com//G2W/rest/organizers
  tags: SaaS, Technology, Enterprise, Voice, Videoconferencing, Audio, Webinars, Relative
    Data, Service API
  properties:
  - type: x-openapi-spec
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/organizerkeywebinarswebinarkeyregistrantsfields-get-openapi.md
- name: GoToWebinar API - Get session attendees
  x-api-slug: organizerkeywebinarswebinarkeysessionssessionkeyattendees-get
  description: Get session attendees.
  image: http://kinlane-productions.s3.amazonaws.com/screen-capture-api/28873-www-logmeininc-com.jpg
  humanURL: http://www.LogMeInInc.com
  baseURL: https://api.getgo.com//G2W/rest/organizers
  tags: SaaS, Technology, Enterprise, Voice, Videoconferencing, Audio, Webinars, Relative
    Data, Service API
  properties:
  - type: x-postman-collection
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/organizerkeywebinarswebinarkeysessionssessionkeyattendees-get-postman.md
  - type: x-openapi-spec
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/organizerkeywebinarswebinarkeysessionssessionkeyattendees-get-openapi.md
- name: GoToWebinar API - Get attendees for all webinar sessions
  x-api-slug: organizerkeywebinarswebinarkeyattendees-get
  description: Get attendees for all webinar sessions.
  image: http://kinlane-productions.s3.amazonaws.com/screen-capture-api/28873-www-logmeininc-com.jpg
  humanURL: http://www.LogMeInInc.com
  baseURL: https://api.getgo.com//G2W/rest/organizers
  tags: SaaS, Technology, Enterprise, Voice, Videoconferencing, Audio, Webinars, Relative
    Data, Service API
  properties:
  - type: x-postman-collection
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/organizerkeywebinarswebinarkeyattendees-get-postman.md
  - type: x-openapi-spec
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/organizerkeywebinarswebinarkeyattendees-get-openapi.md
- name: GoToWebinar API - Get All Webinars
  x-api-slug: organizerkeywebinars-get
  description: Returns webinars scheduled for the future for a specified organizer.
  image: http://kinlane-productions.s3.amazonaws.com/screen-capture-api/28873-www-logmeininc-com.jpg
  humanURL: http://www.LogMeInInc.com
  baseURL: https://api.getgo.com//G2W/rest/organizers
  tags: SaaS, Technology, Enterprise, Voice, Videoconferencing, Audio, Webinars, Relative
    Data, Service API
  properties:
  - type: x-postman-collection
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/organizerkeywebinars-get-postman.md
  - type: x-openapi-spec
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/organizerkeywebinars-get-openapi.md
- name: GoToWebinar API - Get co-organizers
  x-api-slug: organizerkeywebinarswebinarkeycoorganizers-get
  description: Get co-organizers.
  image: http://kinlane-productions.s3.amazonaws.com/screen-capture-api/28873-www-logmeininc-com.jpg
  humanURL: http://www.LogMeInInc.com
  baseURL: https://api.getgo.com//G2W/rest/organizers
  tags: SaaS, Technology, Enterprise, Voice, Videoconferencing, Audio, Webinars, Relative
    Data, Service API
  properties:
  - type: x-openapi-spec
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/organizerkeywebinarswebinarkeycoorganizers-get-openapi.md
- name: GoToWebinar API - Create co-organizers
  x-api-slug: organizerkeywebinarswebinarkeycoorganizers-post
  description: Create co-organizers.
  image: http://kinlane-productions.s3.amazonaws.com/screen-capture-api/28873-www-logmeininc-com.jpg
  humanURL: http://www.LogMeInInc.com
  baseURL: https://api.getgo.com//G2W/rest/organizers
  tags: SaaS, Technology, Enterprise, Voice, Videoconferencing, Audio, Webinars, Relative
    Data, Service API
  properties:
  - type: x-openapi-spec
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/organizerkeywebinarswebinarkeycoorganizers-post-openapi.md
- name: GoToWebinar API - Upcoming Webinars
  x-api-slug: organizerkeyupcomingwebinars-get
  description: Returns webinars scheduled for the future for the specified organizer
    and webinars of other organizers where the specified organizer is a co-organizer.
  image: http://kinlane-productions.s3.amazonaws.com/screen-capture-api/28873-www-logmeininc-com.jpg
  humanURL: http://www.LogMeInInc.com
  baseURL: https://api.getgo.com//G2W/rest/organizers
  tags: SaaS, Technology, Enterprise, Voice, Videoconferencing, Audio, Webinars, Relative
    Data, Service API
  properties:
  - type: x-postman-collection
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/organizerkeyupcomingwebinars-get-postman.md
  - type: x-openapi-spec
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/organizerkeyupcomingwebinars-get-openapi.md
- name: GoToWebinar API - Get organizer sessions
  x-api-slug: organizerkeysessions-get
  description: Get organizer sessions.
  image: http://kinlane-productions.s3.amazonaws.com/screen-capture-api/28873-www-logmeininc-com.jpg
  humanURL: http://www.LogMeInInc.com
  baseURL: https://api.getgo.com//G2W/rest/organizers
  tags: SaaS, Technology, Enterprise, Voice, Videoconferencing, Audio, Webinars, Relative
    Data, Service API
  properties:
  - type: x-postman-collection
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/organizerkeysessions-get-postman.md
  - type: x-openapi-spec
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/organizerkeysessions-get-openapi.md
- name: GoToWebinar API - Delete co-organizers
  x-api-slug: organizerkeywebinarswebinarkeycoorganizerscoorganizerkey-delete
  description: Delete co-organizers.
  image: http://kinlane-productions.s3.amazonaws.com/screen-capture-api/28873-www-logmeininc-com.jpg
  humanURL: http://www.LogMeInInc.com
  baseURL: https://api.getgo.com//G2W/rest/organizers
  tags: SaaS, Technology, Enterprise, Voice, Videoconferencing, Audio, Webinars, Relative
    Data, Service API
  properties:
  - type: x-openapi-spec
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/organizerkeywebinarswebinarkeycoorganizerscoorganizerkey-delete-openapi.md
- name: GoToWebinar API - Delete webinar panelist
  x-api-slug: organizerkeywebinarswebinarkeypanelistspanelistkey-delete
  description: Delete webinar panelist.
  image: http://kinlane-productions.s3.amazonaws.com/screen-capture-api/28873-www-logmeininc-com.jpg
  humanURL: http://www.LogMeInInc.com
  baseURL: https://api.getgo.com//G2W/rest/organizers
  tags: SaaS, Technology, Enterprise, Voice, Videoconferencing, Audio, Webinars, Relative
    Data, Service API
  properties:
  - type: x-openapi-spec
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/organizerkeywebinarswebinarkeypanelistspanelistkey-delete-openapi.md
- name: GoToWebinar API - Get webinar session
  x-api-slug: organizerkeywebinarswebinarkeysessionssessionkey-get
  description: Get webinar session.
  image: http://kinlane-productions.s3.amazonaws.com/screen-capture-api/28873-www-logmeininc-com.jpg
  humanURL: http://www.LogMeInInc.com
  baseURL: https://api.getgo.com//G2W/rest/organizers
  tags: SaaS, Technology, Enterprise, Voice, Videoconferencing, Audio, Webinars, Relative
    Data, Service API
  properties:
  - type: x-openapi-spec
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/organizerkeywebinarswebinarkeysessionssessionkey-get-openapi.md
- name: GoToWebinar API - Get session performance
  x-api-slug: organizerkeywebinarswebinarkeysessionssessionkeyperformance-get
  description: Get session performance.
  image: http://kinlane-productions.s3.amazonaws.com/screen-capture-api/28873-www-logmeininc-com.jpg
  humanURL: http://www.LogMeInInc.com
  baseURL: https://api.getgo.com//G2W/rest/organizers
  tags: SaaS, Technology, Enterprise, Voice, Videoconferencing, Audio, Webinars, Relative
    Data, Service API
  properties:
  - type: x-openapi-spec
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/organizerkeywebinarswebinarkeysessionssessionkeyperformance-get-openapi.md
- name: GoToWebinar API - Get attendee survey answers
  x-api-slug: organizerkeywebinarswebinarkeysessionssessionkeyattendeesregistrantkeysurveys-get
  description: Get attendee survey answers.
  image: http://kinlane-productions.s3.amazonaws.com/screen-capture-api/28873-www-logmeininc-com.jpg
  humanURL: http://www.LogMeInInc.com
  baseURL: https://api.getgo.com//G2W/rest/organizers
  tags: SaaS, Technology, Enterprise, Voice, Videoconferencing, Audio, Webinars, Relative
    Data, Service API
  properties:
  - type: x-postman-collection
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/organizerkeywebinarswebinarkeysessionssessionkeyattendeesregistrantkeysurveys-get-postman.md
  - type: x-openapi-spec
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/organizerkeywebinarswebinarkeysessionssessionkeyattendeesregistrantkeysurveys-get-openapi.md
- name: GoToWebinar API - Get attendee poll answers
  x-api-slug: organizerkeywebinarswebinarkeysessionssessionkeyattendeesregistrantkeypolls-get
  description: Get attendee poll answers.
  image: http://kinlane-productions.s3.amazonaws.com/screen-capture-api/28873-www-logmeininc-com.jpg
  humanURL: http://www.LogMeInInc.com
  baseURL: https://api.getgo.com//G2W/rest/organizers
  tags: SaaS, Technology, Enterprise, Voice, Videoconferencing, Audio, Webinars, Relative
    Data, Service API
  properties:
  - type: x-postman-collection
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/organizerkeywebinarswebinarkeysessionssessionkeyattendeesregistrantkeypolls-get-postman.md
  - type: x-openapi-spec
    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamdata-gallery-organizations/logmein/master/_listings/logmein/organizerkeywebinarswebinarkeysessionssessionkeyattendeesregistrantkeypolls-get-openapi.md
x-common:
- type: x-github
  url: https://github.com/logmein
- type: x-openapi
  url: https://www.getpostman.com/collections/94ad52bdc3d954bad52a
- type: x-postman-collection
  url: https://www.getpostman.com/collections/00bf4391e993c3afa7b7
- type: x-postman-collection
  url: https://www.getpostman.com/collections/c35d614484f21e581775
- type: x-postman-collection
  url: https://www.getpostman.com/collections/9c6e067461f45f7faa6b
- type: x-postman-collection
  url: https://drive.google.com/open?id=16WZlBkS1i8cWSfZ3mMKOwlNP-qsE7AWy
- type: x-postman-collection
  url: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1vI11FNCKpv6WJ_70hoqPNMmPAkASiOU_/view?usp=sharing
- type: x-website
  url: http://www.LogMeInInc.com
- type: x-api-gallery
  url: http://loginradius.api.gallery.streamdata.io
- type: x-api-stack
  url: http://logmein.stack.network
- type: x-crunchbase
  url: https://crunchbase.com/organization/logmein
- type: x-developer
  url: https://goto-developer.logmeininc.com/
- type: x-documentation
  url: https://goto-developer.logmeininc.com/apis/apis-overview
- type: x-faq
  url: https://goto-developer.logmeininc.com/faq-page
- type: x-support
  url: https://goto-developer.logmeininc.com/api-support-request-template
- type: x-twitter
  url: https://twitter.com/LogMeIn
- type: x-website
  url: https://www.logmeininc.com
include: []
maintainers:
- FN: Kin Lane
  x-twitter: apievangelist
  email: info@apievangelist.com
---